query ssg (PR from TinaCMS) (#3443)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/features/data-fetching.mdx

> For more information on manually writing queries for your specific schema, check out our ["Writing Custom Queries"](/docs/data-fetching/custom-queries/#writing-inline-queries) docs.

## Handling New Pages with Static Site Generation (SSG)

> If you're using SSG, creating a new page in TinaCMS means the content updates in TinaCloud and your Git repository instantly. However, your live site won't show this new page immediately, often resulting in a 404 error. This is because SSG sites pre-build all pages at deployment time; your server doesn't know about the new page until your site is rebuilt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using SSG, creating a new page in TinaCMS means the content updates in TinaCloud and your Git repository instantly. However, your site (based off `main` or another branch) won't show this new page immediately, often resulting in a 404 error. This is because SSG sites pre-build all pages at deployment time; your server doesn't know about the new page until your site is rebuilt.
```
